what's so great about Jenga Planeteer
the power to save joined in the
Planeteers
every Sunday on TV with new siliceous
the soda pop fruit snacks with the
tingly
like cherry cola and roofies new so
delicious food snacks Cold War's long
gone Berlin walls history have a sad
really why is that well I always wanted
to be a top secret agent codename Mozart
you know make it through checkpoint
charlie by the skin of my teeth well
that's all over now I know but at least
I can read about the good old days in my
Encyclopedia Britannica
check out this section on intelligence
and counterintelligence that's not all
you can read about in the new
Encyclopedia Brittanica somehow I knew
sooner or later you turn this into a
commercial well actually
it's ok I know how else can someone find
out how to get a set forget secret agent
look at these great animals maybe I'll
be a veterinarian open wide you're gonna
pop on the 800 number I thought we might
yes right aren't you to find out how you
can own the new Encyclopedia Brittanica
just call this number we'll send you
this free booklet don't forget the gift
and just for previewing Britannic in
your home we'll give you this 3 volume
desk reference set
I already have it I was talking to the
people at home oh right sorry
encyclopædia Britannica what's going on